Him. Yeah. Unbelievable. And you remember when we did the Andre thing, right?
I mean, Andre's supposed to be afraid of the snake. Oh yeah. Yeah.
And he faints and fakes a heart attack and he's, you know,
laying there and poor Bobby, he and vomit, he,
and over there checking him pound on his chest.
Cause he's supposed to act like he's had a heart attack and somebody goes,
give him mouth to mouth Bobby. Bobby's like, are you kidding me?
That giant, that giant breath that you had, man from drinking giant breath.
I, I brother I love the giant to death, man. I mean,
when I first got into wrestling, I was refereeing like in 1974.
So, and they came to me and they said, look,
you're not refereeing tomorrow night. We want you to drive Andre around.
Why? So you were referee before you were a pro wrestler, right? Wow.
Which is actually the best way to start. Could you get a feel of it?
You get a feel of it. You,
you learn how to feel people and you learn how to judge people.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> you learn how to read people, you know, in the, in,
in the crowd you can read 'em. But um, so I got the, uh,
take care of laundry thing. They gimme a van. So laundry will sit in the back,
got him a beanbag chair. Just take him to the building. He'll do his thing.
Give him a ride back to the hotel. Cool. 70 miles. No problem. 80 miles.
Whenever. So we get through with the show and he's like beer.
Okay. He talks, he walks, you know, so I stop and get him beer. I'm like,
I'm gonna get a six pack. My self there, Andre. And he goes two cases.
It's an 85 mile trip, man. Um, yeah, two cases. I'm like,
two cases. I guess he wants some for his room. Right?
So we get back in the family. We start driving. I don't know about you guys,
man. Back. Even when I drink,
until I get into that first third or fourth hour, I got a.
Like every time I have a beer, I got a. I don't really buy beer. I just rent it.
You know, I rent it. Then I go get rid of it. But so after you know,
30 miles I pull Andre, sorry, I got a. You know, I get out the,
get back in the van. You don't no north thing mirror. Okay. Take it easy.
I hear, I hear the pop tops. Keep pop, pop, pop. He's with me.
He's with me. We get going closer. I gotta again.
Finally get there gets out. I'll get your beer. He goes,
finished what? He drank 48 beers.
Yeah. Right. You know, off, off you. Big goof. You know? And he leaves.
I get in there. I get in there. First thing I do. I'm checking with my hand,
make sure I'm putting my hand in. Cuz I figure this never got out to.
He drank two cases of beer and did not have to.
I don't care if you out drink me, but it. How can you do that?
I mean, I felt so inadequate. <laugh> yeah. You know,
this guy drank 48 beers and didn't 48 beers and 80 miles. Yeah.
That's insane. That was nothing. Probably his hand would cover that beer up.
How big his hands were just an amazing athlete and an amazing man.
And to be in the ring with him was he was unbelievable when.
Hawk, Hogan hoisted him up in the air.
What's the do that photo of him with a regular size can of beer. That is insane.
Doesn't even look real.
Doesn't look real. It's.
A 12 ounce. Yeah.
Yeah. That's a 12 ounce beer and it just vanishes inside his head.
See if you can find that video of when Hulk Hogan picks him up over his head,
slams him. Yeah. That, that was insane. How much did he weigh?
5 5550 pounds now 550 pounds.
Just hoisting over your head with a bar with an Olympic bar. Impressive. Yeah.
But to do it with dead weight with a man. Well.
The thing about it is it wouldn't happen unless Andre warn you to, right? Oh,
of course. Because he's gonna boost himself. Of course. Yeah. I mean,
I remember him being in the ring one night and he says, slam me. I'm like, yeah,
you're.
Kidding me. But this is insane. See like, look at this, this is insane.
But if you look where Andre's hands are, you see,
he helps that he helps him pull him still.
He had me pick him up and slam him one night and he's like, slam me. I'm like,
no way. I thought he's kid. No. Yes sir.
And I went under and all of a sudden he's here and I'm like, holy. I've.
Got him. Would he? He would use that athletic energy for that.
Then my legs just started to buckle.
Yeah. You gotta drop him fast Hogan. He.
Drinking with 300 pounds there. Least. Right. Look how big he look. How big.
Jacked. But Hogan was jacked. Oh yeah.
You know I met him later in life, but I'd met him earlier too.
I ran into him on the street once and I couldn't believe how big he was. Oh.
And the second time I saw him, he was shorter. Cause he had so many,
a surgeries that his discs had been infused and he's still a giant human being,
but he wasn't as big. He's not.
Six, eight no more. Yeah. He's about six, four hyper. Isn't that.
Crazy Piper told me when I was friends with Piper.
He told me that when Hogan did that slam on Andre,
just like he could feel it just going all the way up. Is that true?
Imagine I can only imagine.
I line Andre one night and you know,
I came in and doing him hard cause Andre wanted you to hit him heart. Right.
Which I used to say,
that's the most frustrating thing in the world right there and watch that.
And I'm like, you're trying to kill a and he don't even know it. Yeah.
So here I am hitting him as hard as I could. And he didn't know that.
So when he'd reach out and just know,
I mean he used to hit me and I'd be falling. Right. That's a lot of energy,
me falling.
He'd reach out and grab me by my hair and just zinc pulled me right at my feet
and just ripped a see, look here, I here.
You two are, look at that. That, look.
At that now. Way two 60 there.
Wow. God, that's so crazy. That's you?
Yeah, that it's so crazy. Look how big he was.
He was so.
He did,
he did a horrible thing to me one night in the room that he knocked me down and
I'm on my back and he stands on my hair. Oh.
And then reached out and grabbed my arms and pulled mm.
And just ripped my hair out. Wow.
Did you guys plan out like that or did he just improvise that in,
just went out there. We went out there and played. He liked me and I,
I liked him. Uh, Andre test you. And if you don't man up to him, he'll eat. You.
You.
Could imagine. Did you get to see the documentary that they made on him? On HBO?
Talking about Savage? Uh, no. Andre. Yeah. No, no.
No. I didn't see it.
It's really great. You'd really love it. Oh no, I don't want to. Yeah.
She just hurt too much.
Yeah.
It made me, it made me cry. So yeah.
It, it makes me cry and know what that man went through. What did he go through?
What? Just people pointing and laughing right.
In pain. Constant. His pain was unbelievable.
Yeah. Because of wrestling. No, because, because of the growth growth,
continuing continu to grow continu, to grow, you know,
let's think about what a daily a day is. Well, a bed don't fit too well. Right.
Let's talk about hotels and bathrooms. Oh yeah. Where's he going to shut? Right?
Where does he it in the bathtub? No. Yeah.
That's only place could. Yeah. There's no toilet gonna take his.
Didn't he's gotta squish it in there. He just got it. No,
he just turned the shower on man. And let it dissolve it. Jesus.
How'd you, how would you like to do hot yoga in that bathroom?
With that shower to spring down?
He took the in the bathtub. Yeah.
Airplanes, cars. His home. Yeah.
Well he had his home with a giant house.
So did he have his house set up for him? Yeah.
Wow. It's another thing where Piper told me a great story, uh, about, you know,
how everybody would always, he would just get so harassed out in public. Yeah.
And they were out to drinking one night after shows and they were in on in some
college town, like we'll say Madison, Wisconsin, or something like that. And uh,
they're having some drinks at a bar and Piper was like these kids,
these frat boys, you know, they,
they noticed that a few tables away and someone, they,
an empty beer can hits Andre in the back of the head. It hits the ground,
you know, Andre, he looks around, oh,
and they're hanging out a couple minutes later,
another empty beer can hits Andre. He grows a little bit harder.
And then a third beer can comes and uh, and Andre stands up.
He hits him in his head. Andre stands up, you know,
it takes him a while to get out of the booth or whatever, wherever they're at.
And he and these guys get up and they start running and they, uh,
Andre chases them. But when he gets out of the bar,
they are in their car about to pull away.
And Andre literally goes under the car.
That's out front of the bar and flips it over. There's a cop,
a half a block away who pulls up
and arrests them for, with Andre, the giant,
after he flips their car with them in, yeah, you don't.
With a giant, those guys mess with me. I remember do beer cat.
We were wrestling in, uh, Montreal. It was his birthday. Wow. That man,
he could do a back flip standing on the top rope and do a flip really and land
on his feet when he first started. But uh,
I'm wrestling him and we had this little thing we'd do where he'd get me in the
corner and just still let, waiting to me, you know, which was pretty easy to,
to register.
And then I would slide down and then he would grab each side of the rope and do
the drop. Of course he's got these ropes.
Well that night he went and to do it and his hand slipped.
So all of a sudden his lands right here and just, you know,
I heard vertebras and I'm like, can I breathe?
I just wanna know if I can breathe. Cause I couldn't at the moment I like
screaming. And I turned over on my side thinking, oh my God,
how bad is. Cause I figure, I figured my sternum was broke, whatever. Yeah.
And he said, so me and I'm laying there. Oh my God. Oh my God.
Trying to catch my breath, trying to let everything come back in.
Cause I seen the lights coming at first,
so I was gonna pass out and then I hear Andre laughing
and I hear the referee say and why are you laughing?
He was hard forging. And I'm like, what?
And I could feel my shoulder just vibrate. Like,
and he's faring, you know how long a giant can fart? How long?
About 40 seconds. <laugh> he's like, wow.
But it was a steady flow.
It wasn't 48 years where the parts man,
he got up. I had like a wine stain on my shoulder. You know? It was a
that. Yeah. Amazing, amazing guy, man. But I used to think to myself,
the fans really don't like me cuz they're putting me out there and the fans are
cheering me on to charge into that big giant. You want me to get killed?
Don't you? Yeah. Your fans are vicious. Why are y'all doing this to me?
<laugh> don't cheer me. Tell me I'm a stupid.
And to get outta the ring for the giant eats you that.